I hope your research is sustainable. We need it.
Question 2. I presumed that the Growth Rate given was annual - Annual Growth Rate.
Enjoyable and interesting. I think as both examples were quite focused on numeracy this impacted on my ability to engage with the topic.
The similar nature of the two problems meant that lessons learned in simulations on the first problem applied to the second problem without simulations.
Quite interesting, I learned a lot! I did wish some questions would have had more assumptions in the initial fact group. Like, this deer park is not being controlled. I think it was 3? I wasn't sure if I was being asked the correct answer (100 deer) or the uncontrolled calculation.
Great introduction to systems and sustainability! Keep up the good work :-)
Very interesting and informative
It will not let me submit as it keeps taking me back to question 10 and says I should ubmit 1-3 answers I have but it wont let me submit 
Thank you, I found the content interesting and it looks like a good way of delivering content.
Great. Thanks I will pass the survey on. You might be interested to know there are now four pillars of sustainability - 'culture'. I've written about this here - not sure if its of interest? Best wishes [link removed]
Quiz text almost unreadable
Questions 3's answer is in the headline of question 4.
I was less confident of my knowledge at the end of this education tool than I was after the one in which simulation was used. In general I learned in a more passive way in this one.
As a general remark on the overall structure I found the use of video clips a slightly annoying diversion, especially as some of the earlier ones (in deer herd section) had a rather too simplistic tone of address. I'm one of those people, probably rare, who actually prefers to read a more lengthy explanation or disposition on a subject as text. Having said that, the chunking and sequencing of the information was about right for ease of comprehension.    The only other broader remark I'd make is that the whole discussion rather uneasily skirts around the questions of *why* such unsustainable practices are so commonplace. Of course, the answer to that is 'capitalism' and its emphasis on profit and perpetual growth, without which that system cannot survive. What we're dealing with here are two incompatible systems: sustainable production only to fulfil need versus a system that, by its own inherent logic, tends towards short-termism and increased pressure on natural resources to enable unimpeded and continuous growth. Obviously taking the discussion in that direction would be straying into an area likely to be considered too controversial, depending upon one's particular view (or at least, seen as controversial in an educational context such as this). Moreover, it would escalate the scope of the entire discussion immensely. But, in the absence of any such broader analysis, what seems to be left is a series of palliative measures - such as imposing potentially unenforceable legal sanctions - that ultimately still don't resolve the underlying dynamic that gives rise to these kind of problems in the first place. 
This tool is just excellent in supporting the learning around sustainability from a number of perspectives. I really admire how it goes beyond the helicopter view of sustainability and forces you to interrogate data and trends to be considered in light of policy decisions around sustainability. It very quickly made me realise things are not always straightforward as ban this and that - there are sustainable ways that industries and nature can co-exist. Further, the degree of systems thinking portrayed is top class. I was very impressed with the narrative explanations for graphs, so essential. I also though signposting how long videos were, when to take breaks etc, were very nice touches. An exceptional piece of work that I would recommend to any teachers and students - well done and thank you!!!
Found this very interesting and informative. Thank you.
Phew, haven't done anything like this since school! Well conceived and presented.
Graphics films and process easy to the eye and easy to follow. Clear and direct instructions, sometimes to the non IT person the next step is not always so obvious. No frustrations with this program, it was easy to progress through.
Excellent tolls for education
Interesting! I found the voices and accents slightly distracting in the videos and would prefer to do without them.
Some questions read like a trick, could be clearer, also there is some ambiguity
EXCELLENT TOOL IN CLEARLY UNDERSTANDING THE ISSUES
I made an error earlier during the first section and pressed the next button instead of scrolling down. When I went back the quiz was not there and I had to then restart all the slides in order to get back to the first quiz page.   The learning tool is great and very informative. Using graphs, videos and diagrams along with the text really made it much easier to understand the data and other information being given.
Would have preferred a non-American voice.  Sustainability seems so obvious, had the feeling I was missing something.  Very engaging exercise
Learned a lot, thank you! (Timing may be off as I was looking after a kitten with too much energy)
Very informative. Layout was easy to understand although math is not my strong suit.
I think the problem with the Grand Banks fishery collapse was due in large part to small gauge nets used by boats from the EU, thus removing smaller fish which had not reached maturity.
It was very easy to navigate and intuitive. I really liked the videos that were included. However, I am a right brain person, and am not strong on maths so the calculations put me off, my brain literally shuts down when there are too many elements to a calculation so I did the simpler ones but not the more complicated ones. It wouldn't be my preferred way of learning so I found that part of the tool hard to engage with it.   
I wasn't sure about some things in question 5: if the maximum reproduction rate of 40% is reached at 1,000,000 fish, does this mean that with a population below that, the reproduction rate is NECESSARILY lower? Also, when it refers to the maximum sustainable yield in the question 'if the population is lower than 1,000,000, taking the maximum sustainable yield would be damaging', it would be useful if it specified whether it was talking about the maximum sustainable yield for 1,000,000 fish, which would be harmful, or the maximum sustainable yield for the lower number of fish that there actually are, which would be sustainable. Because I wasn't sure which maximum sustainable yield was referred to, I didn't tick the box.
The teaching approach in the first challenge, the deer herd challenge, was more interactive and useful than the teaching approach in the second challenge, the fisheries management. It would be more difficult for me to answer the second challenge if I did not go over the first challenge first. 
Really enjoyed it.  Entertaining and educational
Wish I started my career with such materials , what a great way to learn - well done and best of luck , Have passed it to our project manager in Malawi as it would apply to agriculture yields and population.
The content of each lecture is very interesting and informative, and it is well explained via the combination of text, images, graphs and supporting videos used. I think it would be good to give the learners the chance to get to know the scores they obtain after taking the quizzes and which answers they give are correct and which ones are not. I personally found that the time indicated to complete the lectures and the quizzes is not realistic (I took much longer than that).
Found it very interesting. I have neglected my environmental responsibilities… I am off to join the Green Party!
I know a lot more now about sustainability in relation to deer management and fishing than I did before.
Interesting presentation, don’t like the the advertising on the video though.
One comment, it was easy to forget you had to scroll down the ?s, and if you hit forward and then went back, your answers had vapourised!
It was thought-provoking, and has made me more aware of cause and effect in over-using resources. I also learned some tools for assessing risk and for exploring solutions. (I didn't know the answer to Question 5, but I was forced to give an answer: there was no 'Don't know' box!)
I don't know if this research is based only around sustainability in terms of food animals, so I don't know how relevant this comment is.  But for vegetarians and vegans the subject matter is quite off-putting.  In terms of presentation and format, I think overall it is excellent, however I would have liked the option to go full screen with the videos.
The learning tool is challenging but enjoyable.  Thank you. 
Problems are straightforward but solutions are complicated.
My attention began to wane at the end due to similarity of questions and tiredness on my part. Good quiz though.
It was really interesting and I look forward to seeing the results of the overall study. 
I may have messed up.. I automatically selected the next page arrow on second series of questions (having just informed you that I had done the same for the first series). I clicked te back arrow immediately and filled the section above. I did not have the back arrow access to section one of questions (it did not work) so I can only apologise and hope you can match my survey to me...I spent 2 hours on it today and well over an hour on it a few days ago ...just saying that it takes quite a bit longer than reported...that said I enjoyed the graphics, variety of information tools used and the interesting information. Good luck with the analysis. I will send this then using my original password I will re-enter and see can I complete your last set of questions. COD
In many parts of the education pages the last line of text is obscured
I found the Deer challenge easier to follow than the Fisheries one, maybe because it was broken down with more steps. Overall I found it an interesting topic and way of learning, especially with the variety of use of different colours, use of video extracts and illustrations.
Make the text darker so it is easier to read
Seems a very good resource. Interesting approach.
It was quick and content memorable only issue was when you took break you had to click on start should have been able to go to the section you were in.
Unfortunately I had to suspend the second quiz for some two hours after question 8. I picked up at question 9 without reviewing the learning material. Certain questions in the two quizzes appeared to be the same (the graphs showing sustainability for example). If I gave a wrong answer on the first, I repeated the mistake on the second.
My maths skills have not been used for a while. The topics were unfamiliar. I have learnt about sustainability.
I thought there is an objective way to judge if something is sustainable or not which I simply didn't know. Now I feel like it is very subjective. It was easy for me to understand the example with the deer because this ecosystem is familiar and manageable but the fishery didn't sound sustainable to me either way because to me it seems like there is no simple cause and effect due to the compexity of this ecosystem.
I was not able to keep to the time limit because of interruptions
Fabulous videos.. overall lovely presentation.... kept me moving forwards... Slide #2 of 9 on the deer is a little busy ( imo!!!)
Thank you for this experience, as I found it really eye-opening and though-provoking. I also enjoyed the exercises much more than I expected to, given my (mostly negative) past experience with 'school work' and calculations etc. You made it interesting and stimulating, yet with enough incorporated breaks, to feel able to learn at a comfortable pace!
Enjoyed doing this. I noticed one sentence that didn't make sense the way it was written in Section 1 at the bottom of a slide-  "I this is" or similar. I am  not sure about the sustainability of the S shaped curve with oscillation, it seems to make sense because it would be difficult to manage  to an exact level, but I would like to know the answer to that! I found the teaching effective. But math skills required!  
Really interesting and informative. It’s nice to use case studies to illustrate points. This is something that I could see as being very effective in the delivery of ESD across a range of disciplines.
Great to see examples of how systems interlink. We often talk about Systems Thinking in ESD but rarely use concrete examples like demonstrated here.
I think your outputs and findings will be really interesting for those of us in the education sector.
It was very interesting and informative, and did help break down the learning of a potentially complex topic into manageable sections.
I can state without a doubt, that System Dynamics is a great way to learn in general and, in particular, sustainability concepts.
The simulation model is brilliant and very helpful in explaining the concept. It also enables the participant to experiment and get immediate feedback which makes learning an interesting adventure. An enjoyable and informative experience and well worth the time. A fun way of studying some important and interesting concepts.
The Systems Thinking section might be seen as too technical and might overwhelm people if they have not encountered it before.
It's actually quite fun to do - I really enjoyed it!
I have learned a lot about sustainability in the past, but I still found the interactive simulations very informative.
