that the deer population and vegetation needs are met to keep the herd viable.
The balance between amount of grazing and regrowth of the food is ok
The population of the deer in the park are only consuming the increased growth of vegetation allowing the vegetation to regenerate itself.
That the vegetation regenerates to the extent that the population remains relatively stable and below the maximum carrying capacity of the park.
The deer population in the deer park is sustainable IF the population is controlled to the point where the regeneration rate of the resources in the park match the consumption rate of the deer.
that the dear only eat the newly grown vegetation every year
The deer eat no more in a year than can regenerate in a year
The deer will have enough food to survive and go on surviving as they breed. There is enough food for the number of deer in the park.
doesn't surpass the maximum capacity
with management to keep the numbers viable
there is enough food and not too many deer
the deer population can survive without rendering their food and space requirements insufficient for their survival
is kept to the level that they only consume the regrowth
The deer population does not go over the maximum capacity of the park, allowing vegetation to grow and be replenished for the following year.
There is enough resources to be able to sustain the growth rate of the deer.
It means that the park and its vegetation can support the deer population while still regenerating. Both vegetation and deer continue to be sustained. 
There is enough resources to keep the deer fed, and population growth is low enough to ensure overgrazing doesn't occur
The deer population in the park is sustainable if it does not exceed the regrowth capacity, which in this case is 100 deer
the population can be supported by the vegetation growth
It’s in balance with the available capacity of the land to support the population both today and in the future.
The deer are being managed.
The deer population which is currently in the park will not negatively impact the resources need for deer populations in the park in the future. 
The deer only eat vegetation that is renewed every year. Their numbers remain stable.
if the increase in the population remains in line with the regrowth of vegetation 
Maintaining the current ecosystem of deer is manageable considering the needs of the population and the richness of the resources
it means over time the deer can continue to grow.
The number of deer can continue at this level without risk of starvation in large numbers. 
the resources consumed by the deer are being replenished and in addition the births & deaths associated with the herd have sufficient resources to sustain them. Basically everything is in balance!!
