growth rate of fish is 40%, fish are removed at 40%, hatchery maintains 1,000,000 units.
Fishing more than the maximum possible reproduction rate is forbidden
Measures are put in place to manage fishing so the fish population does not get depleted
That the population is not fished more than its maximum sustainable yield.
Fish caught less than or equal to fish reproduction.
that the fishery only catch the sustainable yield and no more per year
Fishing remains at a level of no more than the maximum sustainable yield
The numbers are kept at such a rate that the fish population will remain stable.
the fisher boats do not exceed the maximum sustainable yield
boats and their catch are both limited (number and quota)
only the amount of fish that are renewed is allowed to be fished
the fishing levels do not surpass the reproduction rate of the fish
if no more fish are caught than can be reproduced on an annual level
The maximum sustainability yield is followed (the largest amount of fish that can be caught); go over this yield and fish numbers will decline. If they decline too much a moratorium will need to be introduced until a maximum growth rate is achieved.
The level of fishing and growth rate is respected and therefore sustaining a steady flow.
It means that the fishery will continue to be viable as policies are in place to manage it and fishing boats are not overfishing it so the fish populations can reproduce enough to maintain the population. 
there is no overfishing - the maximum sustainable yield is being caught to keep the population level of the fish not too high and not too low
If the fishery is managed sustainably, then there must be checks to ensure that the number of boats does not exceed 40 and that boats do not catch more than their permitted 10,000 pa.  Additionally the fish population must be monitored to ensure that it is not declining below 1,000,000 for other reasons
the fish stocks are able to replenish naturally 
Fish stocks will be able to support demand both today and in the future 
The quantity of the fish being caught by the fishery is not having a negative impact on the number within the fish population in the future, or on the surrounding ecosystem, while supporting the local economy. 
The number of fish taken equals or is less than the number of fish regenerated every year
if fishing stays at the maximum sustainable yield per annum
That the repopulation of the fish stocks matches what is being taken out.
That it can continue in the long term as a viable industry.
the rate of fishing must not exceed the rate of reproduction of the fish 
