I find that graphs and diagrams help me to understand a problem better, so having diagrams in the text helped me a lot. 
No doubt useful but for me I would need regular refreshers around Systems Thinking.
I found the use of colour and highlighted words very helpful in my understanding of each topic.
Straightforward to follow and clear 
Increasingly important subject.
I was pleased that the quiz did not rely over-heavily on technical terms introduced in the study section. I would have had difficulty in remembering some of them.
I always find visuals (graphs, diagrams, videos) helpful for learning. 
Illustrations and video explanations really helpful
It simplifies a complex topic with the aid of simple diagrams and illustrations.
Engaging mathematically
Great to see examples of how systems interlink. We often talk about Systems Thinking in ESD but rarely use concrete examples like demonstrated here.
The voice over I would have preferred an Irish voice. More graphics.
Helped in calculating numbers, but had been aware of the principle before when learnt about Blue Room, in Denmark, I think. Would need to know numbers if actually managing deer park. 
I understood the problems and the reasons for them just from the verbal explanation, but the systems thinking approach helped to quantify the solution and problem more easily
Presents complex data in a straightforward way.
This is an excellent teaching tool and should be part of any ecology course. To know the point at which systems become unsustainable really can apply to anything such as emotions, and more concrete subjects which can be given a numerical value. Learning to present any problem on a graph could be an invaluable skill at any age and surpasses the constraints of language.  well done.
Using a system gives a visual representation of the inflow and outflow of elements of a project, and identifies patterns of behaviour and changes of behaviour over time. It also clarifies cause and effect, and shows the effect of changing the parameters.
Excellent! Especially the narrative that went with the feedback loops and the different types of behaviour over time graphs. Often we think of systems at a rudimentary level of inputs, process, outputs without interrogating the data a system gives us and what that data says about behaviour. Really exceptional
Concepts such as systems thinking are becoming more widely used in ordinary life. It is good to see them in use here.
The systems thinking approach brought the problems alive in a way that numbers alone cannot. I definitely felt it helped my appreciation of the interrelationships between both systems (deer population life cycle and land food resource life-cycle) and the consistency of the 'sustainability' level. It helped with recall during problem-solving.
It is very visual hence memorable
Excellent educational tool, good balance of information, graphics, video and interactive
I think it's essential to see how the different factors affect each other and the whole system.
Systems thinking is a unique way of approaching system behaviour.
